Implement an administration prompt (#204)
peopledoc/procrastinate: docs/howto/shell.rst

Use the administration shell
----------------------------

The procrastinate shell is a tool to administrate jobs and overview queues and tasks.

> Itis an interactive shell that you can run with the following command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is an interactive shell that you can run with the following command:
```

Use the administration shell
----------------------------

The procrastinate shell is a tool to administrate jobs and overview queues and tasks.
It is an interactive shell that you can run with the following command.

_Experimental feature_.

.. code-block:: console

    $ procrastinate shell
    Welcome to the procrastinate shell.   Type help or ? to list commands.

    procrastinate> help

    Documented commands (type help <topic>):
    ========================================
    EOF  cancel  exit  help  list_jobs  list_queues  list_tasks  retry

> As usually, you should use ``--app`` argument or ``PROCRASTINATE_APP`` environment

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As usual, you should use ``--app`` argument or ``PROCRASTINATE_APP`` environment
```

variable to specify the application you want to use (see `command_line`).

There are commands to list all the jobs (``list_jobs``), tasks (``list_tasks``)
& queues (``list_queues``).

> And commands to retry (``retry``) & cancel (``cancel``) a specific job.

Reviewer 2: Given that we have `list_jobs` & co. I've been wondering if having `retry_job` instead of `retry`, and `cancel_job` instead of `cancel`, would make things more consistent and explicit. When I open the shell for the first time and see `cancel` as a possible command I was not sure what that command would cancel. Curious what others think…

Author: I'm not sure if it's relevant because I see no confusion here.
What would be the meaning of "retry"/"cancel" applied to a task or a queue?

Reviewer 2: Right. When I saw `cancel` for the first time I thought it would cancel the shell. But it may be just me :-) And `help cancel` immediately shed light on my confusion. Up to you really.
